c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.deps.json
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.dll
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.pdb
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.dll
c:\users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.pdb
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.deps.json
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.dll
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.pdb
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\UserSecretsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.dll
C:\Users\tomamine\Desktop\Sales-Contracts-master\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Sales Contracts.pdb
C:\Users\tomamine\source\repos\Sales Contracts\Sales Contracts\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\UserSecretsAssemblyInfo.cs
